PBM-1226 Documented custom log path configuration (#235)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/manage/logpath.md

# Output pbm-agent logs to a file

> !!! admonition "Version added: [2.0.0](../release-notes/2.8.0.md)"

Author: ```suggestion
!!! admonition "Version added: [2.8.0](../release-notes/2.8.0.md)"
```

By default, each `pbm-agent` writes its logs to the following paths:

* the `admin.pbmLogs` PBM Control collection which serves as the centralized logging storage

> * the `stderr` file on the host where the agent is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `STDERR` stream on the each host where the agent is running
```

* optimize system logging as the `pbm-agent` logs are stored in a separate file and don't mix with other system logs
* introduce the log rotation policy for the effective usage of the storage space 
* simplify the log collection process for further analysis
* comply with the logging and auditing requirements by storing logs in a secure location for the required period

You can define a logging configuration either via the command line flags or via environment variables when you start a `pbm-agent`. The options are:

| Environment variable | Command line flag | Description | 
|----------------------|-------------------|-------------|
| `LOG_PATH` | `--log-path` | The path to the log file. The file is created if it doesn't exist. The default value is `/dev/stderr` which means that the logs are written to the standard error output. |
| `LOG_LEVEL` | `--log-level` | The log severity level. Supported levels are (from low to high): D - Debug, I - Info (default), W - Warning, E - Error, F - Fatal.<br><br> The output includes both the specified severity level and all higher ones |

> | `LOG_OUTPUT`| `--log-output` | The output format of the log messages. Supported values are `text` (default) and `json`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `LOG_JSON`| `--log-json` | The output format of the log messages. If specified `json` format is use and default is `text` format. |
```

## Example

Start the `pbm-agent` on every node with the following command:

=== ":material-variable: Environment variables"

	```{.bash data-prompt="$"}
	$ export LOG_PATH=/var/log/pbm-agent.log
	$ export LOG_LEVEL=W

> 	$ export LOG_json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	$ export LOG_JSON=1
```

	$ pbm-agent
	```

=== ":material-console: Command line"

	```{.bash data-prompt="$"}

> 	$ pbm-agent --log-path=/var/log/pbm-agent.log --log-level=W --log-output=json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	$ pbm-agent --log-path=/var/log/pbm-agent.log --log-level=W --log-json
```

	```

!!! note

    Command line flags take precedence over environment variables.

> If PBM cannot write to the specified file due to some error, it falls back to the `stderr` file. And you can always retrieve the logging information using the `pbm logs` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If PBM cannot write to the specified file due to some error, it falls back to `STDERR` stream. And you can always retrieve the logging information using the `pbm logs` command.
```
